Feature workflows remote activity reminder (#5036)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/actors/actors-timers-reminders.md

* [ISO 8601 duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations) format. Example: `PT2H30M`

---
Only available on **reminders**.

`overwrite` is an optional boolean parameter that indicates whether to overwrite an existing reminder with the same name.

> If `overwrite` is set to `true`, any existing reminder with the same name will be replaced by the new configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `overwrite` is set to `true`, any existing reminder with the same name is replaced by the new configuration.
```

> If `overwrite` is set to `false` or omitted, and a reminder with the same name already exists, the operation will fail with a already exists error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `overwrite` is set to `false` or omitted, and a reminder with the same name already exists, the operation fails with a already exists error.
```

> Note that overwriting an existing reminder will reset its an error.state, including the number of invocations and the next trigger time, just like creating a new reminder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that overwriting an existing reminde resets its a `error.state`, including the number of invocations and the next trigger time, just like creating a new reminder.
```

DELETE http://localhost:3500/v1.0/actors/<actorType>/<actorId>/reminders/<name>
```

If an actor reminder is triggered and the app does not return a 2** code to the runtime (for example, because of a connection issue), actor reminders will be retried according to its failure policy, which by default is three times with a backoff interval of one second between each attempt.
There may be additional retries attempted in accordance with any optionally applied [actor resiliency policy]({{% ref "override-default-retries" %}}).

Refer [api spec]({{% ref "actors_api#invoke-reminder" %}}) for more details.

## Error handling

> When an actor's method completes successfully, the runtime will continue to invoke the method at the specified timer or reminder schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an actor's method completes successfully, the runtime continues to invoke the method at the specified timer or reminder schedule.
```
